Apple has had their event where they
presented a iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus
iphone 6 is the smaller motion to 4.7
inch and iphone 6 plus is the 5.5 inch
iphone and to me both models looks very
very good it's very hard to decide which
one to buy really and it's kind of cool
that they look like all the leaks of the
prototypes and dummy iPhones we have
seen so the rumors and leaks was true
here we can see how much bigger the
iphone 6 plus is compared to the normal
iphone 6 it's huge it's only six point
nine millimeter thick the 4.7 inch
version and that 5.5 inch version is 7.1
millimeter thick so they are very very
thin and that is the reason why it now
has a protruding camera so that's a bit
bad here we can see some design details
of the Space Gray version as you can see
it has those antennae lines I'm down
here you can see that I'm telling our
lives on the back of the phone I don't
think they look so good on the Space
Gray version I think they are too
obvious on the space clear ocean I don't
like that I would rather have the lines
in another color more like the backplate
color of the space of space grey version
so that's a bit bad but if you look at
the details here so good look at the
bill call it it looks so great this is
Apple they can do such a great build
quality and the new displays has a
higher resolution it is 30 and 40 for x
750 on the smaller iPhone 6 and 1920 x
1080 on the iphone 6 plus the 5.5 inch
so it has a higher resolution than
before and the ppi is much higher on the
5.5 inch than it is on the smaller 4.7
inch and here you can see the silver
version 10 10 Airlines looks much better
on the silver version and it has a new
a8 processor and also the coprocessor is
new m8 now with more sensors and so on
you can have more health features in
this phone and one thing that I like
with the new iPhone 6 is the much better
camera and now also better for video
recording you can do full HD thousand
ATP in 60fps or slow motion at 240 FPS
that's really slow so this is pretty
nifty and you can now also use time
lapse video mode and time lapse is not
the same as hyperlapse but i think that
time-lapse feature could be very useful
directly in the iphone camera and you
can also now use the iphone 6 as a
wallet you can pay directly with your
phone but this feature is only available
in the US for now Apple is working hard
to release it for more countries but
with my experience I know that it will
take a very very long time before we
have it here in Sweden as usual that's
too bad here you can see the protruding
camera another thing that I'm not too
happy with because it will be very
awkward to lay the phone down on a flat
surface I don't like that but I
understand why Apple did it because they
want to have a really good camera in a
very thin phone if you have a large
phone like the 5.5 inch iphone 6 then it
need to be as thin and light as possible
to be easy to handle especially with one
hand here we can see the back of the
gold version of the iphone 6
and antenna lines on the gold version
looks much better than on the space
credits can see the white lines is much
better than the black ones on the space
grade I like this a lot more so maybe
we'll buy the gold version instead of
the Space Gray I don't know it depends
on the ipad air 2 will it come in gold
or only space grey and silver so we've
by the ipad air 2 in gold maybe by the
iphone 6 in gold here you can see how
incredible thin the new iphone 6s look
how thin it is i like that a lot if the
phone is thin and light it will be very
comfortable to hold in one hand and here
is a comparison photo with the iphone 5s
and iphone 6 plus the 5.5 inch iphone
look how huge it is compared to life on
5s incredible huge personally i have a
very hard time deciding which of these
phones i will buy the iphone 6 or your
iphone 6 plus 4.7 inch or 5.5 inch and
the 5.5 inch has a very cool thing and
that is it has a ipad like you I in
landscape mode so it looks more like the
iPad when you hold it in landscape mode
so it's like an iPad Mini Mini or
something and iphone 6 plus also have
optical image stabilization on the
camera that 4.7 inch iPhone 6 has not
and the iphone 6 plus the 5.5 inch
iphone 6 also has a better solution on
the display so these two things is also
very important and the new ipad like you
I in landscape mode also a third very
important thing for me so it looks like
i will buy the larger iphone six-plus
and not the 4.7 inch iphone 6 but as you
may know i have replaced computers with
my
i use the ipad air exclusively now and
if i buy the larger 5.5 inch iphone 6
then i will use it a lot more like an
ipad instead of a phone so will i still
need the larger iPad air then so will it
be a great companion to diaper there or
not and these things makes it very hard
for me to decide which phone will by
okay that was my thoughts about the
iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus Steven
sparkling from sparkling network by